today we're going to take a look at a
car that is near and dear to my heart
an American icon 1957 chevrolet bel air
convertible
absolutely beautiful piece of American
history
extremely original car finished
beautifully in white exterior with the
correct red and silver interior
absolutely beautiful car
these are the original colors of this
car from the factory
pure stock very very original comes with
the power black convertible top sets the
colors off beautifully chrome is all
show-quality paint a show-quality
beautiful wide whites the painted wheels
spinner hub casts this is cruising in
style and a luxury with power steering
and original power drum brakes
everything in the car works except the
original am radio it comes on it lights
up and so far I haven't heard any music
let's uh let's take a peek in the trunk
yeah we're looking there
as the proper gold trim for a Bel Air
back to refresh
correct Matt original style spare
looking very factory correct an original
matter of fact it looks like the day
that the first owner picked it up at his
Chevrolet dealer even finished
beautifully up in here we gotta love the
fins comes with manuals pretty neat 1957
this car just came out of a collection
after ten years heated and
air-conditioned garage let's take a
little peek under the hood how can you
hook the hood for me on this one Tom's
gonna give us a little help here there
you go talk about original this is all
beautifully detailed we do need to take
a comb it's called a comb that you comb
these little fins out with and they
won't reflect like that it is all black
original goal horns there she is this is
the numbers-matching 283 power pack by
Chevrolet 1957 style
original generator there's your power
steering unit hanging off the back of
the generator that's the way the built
in 57 there's your original style power
brakes from General Motors Chevrolet
original air cleaner correct colors
beautifully detailed also original
rochester 4-barrel so the power pack you
got four barrel and dual exhaust in this
car has both beautifully detailed up in
here as well
if you're looking for a ride back to
nineteen fifty-seven this sweet car will
take you this original factory steering
wheel with you beautiful
again everything works in it except for
the radio if you have an interest in
this beautiful if you have an interest
in this beautiful chevrolet 57 Bel Air
convertible you may call my name is Jeff
Whitaker you can reach me at 410 5629
you
nice